feat: Add load average to host probe (#253)
megaease/easeprobe: docs/Manual.md

The resources currently monitored include CPU, memory and disk utilization. The probe status is considered as `down` when any value exceeds its defined threshold.

> **Note**:
> - The host running EaseProbe needs the following commands to be installed on the remote system that will be monitored: `top`, `df`, `free`, `awk`, `grep`, `tr`, `cat` and `hostname` (check the [source code](./probe/host/host.go) for more details on this works and/or modify its behavior).
> - The disk usage check is limited to the root filesystem only with the following command `df -h /`.

> > - The actual load would be dived by cpu core number, the threshold won't consider the cpu core number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The actual load would be divided by cpu core number, the threshold won't consider the cpu core number (requires proc filesystem support).
```

        cpu: 0.80  # cpu usage  80%
        mem: 0.70  # memory usage 70%
        disk: 0.90  # disk usage 90%

>         load: # load average - Note: the actual load would be dived by cpu core number, the threshold won't consider the cpu core number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        load: # load average - Note: the actual load would be divided by cpu core number, the threshold won't consider the cpu core number.
```
